Foto pasa Legacy (#2174)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/c/low-european-championship.md

[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]

> 1 = { path = "low-european-championship.webp", caption = 'Close-up of the Legacu European Championship.', source = "Official Legacy Facebook" }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 = { path = "low-european-championship.webp", caption = 'Close-up of the Legacy European Championship title belt.', source = "Official Legacy Facebook" }
```
